# IMDB-Movie-rating
Question:
Which movie from which country and year received rating 5 and above from IMDB? 
For this project I have used visualizations like Map, Time-slider, Dropdown menu, Radio button, bar graph and Table.
Data can be analyze by map and bar graph too.
For better understanding, I have used Table to represent all data regarding selected movies.

## Use of IMDB data visualization
Using this tool you can visualize and analyze IMDb movie dataset.
 
The populated graph can be used to get a quick visual summary of the IMDB rating, and can be generated by selecting different conditions which will also generate table of movie records.

Map can be use to analyze movie rating with selecting the country directly from map. Selecting options like year and country name, it will generate a graph and also table as well according to conditions and dataset.

For more details, you can mouseover on graph and it will represent the movie details with rating.

The final goal is not only to understand and analyze the movie dataset, but also to retrieve specific information from it in the most practical manner.

### Method Used
Rendered data from the dataset and created filters in JSON.
Implemented filters such as year, country and rating. 
First processed the dataset by using entity of year and country. Through these filters the graph is getting generated as per the data set. 
As per selected condition, the table will list out all information regarding those movies.

#### How to Run?
1) To run this file you need apache server.

2) Just upload file to server and access index.html file
